In the previous sections,
we've spoken mostly about sharing in the context
of actually sharing populated reports or data.
In this section, we're going to talk about sharing
configurations of your Google Analytics assets.
In the view column of the admin screen.
We can click Share Assets,
and here we see all of the sharable assets within the view.
To see the types of assets that we can share, let's sort by type.
We see custom reports, dashboards,
channel groupings, let's drop down to a 100 goals and segments.
Note that we could share more than one asset at a time.
For instance, if I wanted to share a custom report and a dashboard,
I could select both of those assets,
click share, keep share template link selected,
click share again and this is the link that you can
forward to share one or more configurations.
If I'm sharing this link say with someone in another division of my company,
I can copy that URL and when my colleague receive the URL,
they could enter it into the browser and they'll
receive a prompt for which view to copy the assets into.
This may look familiar to you from when we pulled
in a dashboard from the solutions gallery.
It's the same mechanism.
Day-to-day you're probably not going to
share Google Analytics configurations that frequently.
But there are some scenarios that are particularly useful,
especially involving sharing with yourself.
If you want to use the same custom report across accounts,
you could share that custom report with
yourself and copy the configuration into another account.
The same thing for sharing dashboards across views.
When we've configured a goal and a text view,
we don't want to reinvent the wheel and the main view.
The best way to copy the goal from the test view to
the main view is to share the configuration with yourself.
Of course, you can share any asset in the solutions gallery.
If you've created a custom report or
a dashboard that you think might be useful to others in the community,
you can go to the Solutions Gallery and click Create.
You're not actually creating the asset here you're sharing the asset.
If you have created a particularly useful configuration,
you can feel free to share it in the Solutions Gallery.